This was my first complete webpage project after studying web development for a month.
When I got to it thought that it would be easy and fast, maybe 1 day maximum. Got throught the HTML and JS parts easily, but the CSS one got me. While developing, i realized that i thought I knew how to position the elements on the screen, but I didn't.The first version of the CSS file actually did work, but only in the exact same screen size as my laptop, because I used lots of position: absolute; thinking that it would be allright.
Then, i spent the next 2 days tring to adjust everything, just typing any CSS properties and realizing that I didn't know how to use barely any of them, most of it didn't even work on the elements I was trying to fix.
At this moment I decided to start CSS file again. Watched a lot of videos of CSS positioning and went for it.
It worked better, and the page got  better visual, I started aiming for a more "night mode" style.
But, once again I wasn't using the properties properly and it was actually a little flexible.But too litlle.Big window size differences would misaligne everything;
That's when on my research I found out about display grid and flex, and that they were a big part of positioning, before I was just using it there and here waiting for it to magically work. Then, after 4 days struggling with CSS, I studied display: grid; in depth and was able to develop the page to work the way I wanted to.
Yet, it still isn't perfect on small screens such phones, but it just needs some work with @media, can do that later, now I want to move on to other projects.
